Remove reference section in config-references.yml (#1545)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/community/diagnostic.rst

  log_provenance(nc-file,plot_file,caption,statistics,domain,plottype,authors,references,input-files)

Have a look at the example NCL diagnostic in ``esmvaltool/diag_scripts/examples/diagnostic.ncl`` for a complete example.

Adding references
=================

> Recipe and diagnostic script can include references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recipes and diagnostic scripts can include references.
```

> When ESMValCore (the ``esmvaltool`` command) runs a recipe, it will store citation information in `BibTeX <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BibTeX>`__ format.

Reviewer: This might sound confusing to the general users who install the core as external dependency without knowing much about it.
Suggestion: turn sentence to passive form.

```suggestion
When a recipe is run, citation information is stored in `BibTeX <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BibTeX>`__ format.
```

Follow the steps below to add a reference to a recipe (or a diagnostic):

-  make a ``tag`` that is representative of the reference entry.
   For example, ``righi15gmd`` shows the last name of the first author, year and journal abbreviation.
-  add the ``tag`` to the ``references`` section in the recipe (or the diagnostic).
-  make a BibTeX file for the reference entry. There are some online tools to convert a doi to BibTeX format like https://doi2bib.org/

> -  rename the file to the ``tag``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  rename the file to the ``tag``, keep the ``.bibtex`` extension.
```
